1993 % Ice Cube % It Was a Good Day %
Shit! Yo!
Juss wakin' up in tha mornnin', gotta thank God I don't know but today seems kinda odd No barkin' from the dog, no smog And momma cooked a breakfast with no hog I got my grub on, but didn't pig out Finally got a call from a girl I wanna dig out Hooked it up fo' later as I hit the do' Thinkin', "Will I live another twenty-fo'?" I gotta go 'cause I got me a drop top And if I hit the switch, I can make the ass drop Had to stop, at a red light Lookin' in my mirror, not a jacker in sight
And everything is alright I got a beep from Kym, and she can fuck all night Called up the homies and I'm akksin' y'all Which park, are y'all playin' basketball? Get me on the court and I'm trouble Last week fucked around and got a triple-double Freakin' niggas every way like M.J. I can't believe, today was a good day
Drove to the pad, and hit the showers Didn't even get no static from them cowards 'Caus jus' yesterday, dem fools tried ta blast me Saw da police, and they rolled right past me No flexin', didn't even look in a nigga's direction As I ran the intersection Went to Short Dog's house, they was watchin' Yo! MTV Raps
What's the 'haps on the craps? Shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em! Roll 'em in a circle of niggas, and watch me break 'em Wit' tha seven, seven-eleven, seven-eleven Seven, even Back Do' Lil' Joe I picked up the cash flow Then we played bones, and I'm yellin' "Domino!" Plus nobody I know got killed in South Central L.A. Today was a good day (Shit!)
Left my nigga's house paid Picked up a girl been tryynta fuck since the twelth grade It's ironic, I had the brew, she had the chronic The Lakers beat the Supersonics I felt on her big fat fanny Pulled out the jammy and killed the punanni And my dick runs deep, so deep, so deep Put her ass to sleep Woke her up around one She didn't hesitate to call Ice Cube the top gun Drove her to the pad and I'm coastin' Took another sip of the potion, hit the three-wheel motion
I was glad everything had worked out Dropped her ass off, and then chirped out Today was like one of those fly dreams
Didn't even see a Barry flashin' those high beams No helicopter looking for a murder Two in tha mornnin', got tha Fat Burger
Even saw the lights of the Goodyear Blimp And it read, "Ice Cube's a pimp!" Drunk as hell, but no thowwin' up Halfway home, and my pager's still blowwin' up Today, I diddn't even havvta use my AK I gotta say it was a good day (Shhhhit!)

