1997%Puff Daddy%Can’t Nobody Hold Me Down
Now with Sean on the hot track, melt like it's hot wax
Put it out, all the stores, bet you could shop that (that's right)
Leave a nigga with a hot hat
Fronting like Bad Boy ain't got tracks (nigga stop that)
There's no guy slicker than this young fly nigga
Nickel-nine nigga, floss you die quicker (uh-huh)
Did fed time outta town pie flipper
Turn Cristal into a crooked-I sipper
Everybody want to be fast, see the cash
Fuck around they weak staff, get a heat rash
Anything in Bad Boy way we smash (we smash)
Hundred G stash, push a bulletproof E-Class
I'm through with bein a player and a baller
Just want me one bad bitch so I can spoil her
Mase want to be the one you respect, even when you're vexed
Rock Versace silks over a steel V-neck
Got green never seen so you suck my jewels
Clutch my Uz', anything I touch I bruise
Puff make his own laws, nigga fuck your rules (that's right)
Goodfellas, you know you can't touch us dudes
Don't push us, 'cause we're close to the, edge
We're tryin', not to lose our heads, a-hah hah hah hah
Broken glass everywhere
If it ain't about the money, Puff, I just don't care (that's right)
I'm that Goodfella fly guy, sometimes wiseguys
Spend time in H-A-W-A-I-I
(Mase can you please stop smoking lah lah?)
Puff why try? I'm a thug, I'ma die high
I be out in Jersey, puffin' Hershey
Brothers ain't worthy to rock my derby
Though I'm never drug free, when I'm in the club, G
Though I know the thug be wantin' to slug me (uh-huh)
Could it be I move as smooth as Bugsy? (yeah)
Or be at the bar with too much bubbly? (C'mon)
Yo I think it must be the girls want to lust me
Or is it simply the girls just love me
Brothers wanna, rock the Rolls, rock my clothes
Rock my ice, pull out glocks, stop my life (uh)
I'm like, "Damn, how these niggas got they trust?
Used to be my man, how you gonna plot on my wife?"
Do you think you snake me, cause they hate me?
Or he got his Ph.D, Player Hater's Degree?
Can't nobody take my pride, can't nobody hold me down, oh no
I got to keep on movin'
Quit that (uh-huh) You a big cat? (yeah)
Where your chicks at? (where) where your whips at? (where dey at?)
Wherever you get stacks at, I'ma fix that
Everything that's big dreams, I did that (that's right)
Don't knock me 'cause you're boring
I'm record sales soaring, straight touring
Simply a lot of men be wantin' to hear me
'Cause their words just don't offend me (uh-uh, uh-uh)
We spend cheese in the West Indies
Then come home to plenty cream Bentleys
You name it, I could claim it
Young, black, and famous, with money hangin' out the anus
And when you need a hit, who you go and get? (who?)
Bet against us? (Not a sure bet)
We make hits that'll rearrange your whole set (that's right)
And got a Benz that I ain't even drove yet
Don't push us, cause we're close to the, edge
We're tryin', not to, lose our heads, a-hah-hah-hah-hah
I get the feeling sometimes, that make me wonder
Why you want to take us under? (Why you want to take us under?)
I get the feeling sometimes, that make me wonder
Why you want to take us under? (Why you want to take us under?)
Can't nobody take my pride, can't nobody hold me down, oh no
I got to keep on movin'
Can't nobody take my pride, can't nobody hold me down, oh no
I got to keep on movin'
Can't nobody take my pride, can't nobody hold me down, oh no
I got to keep on movin'
Can't nobody take my pride
