1997%Puff Daddy%Been Around the World
Yo yo, this Mase, youknowhatI'msayin?
You got niggaz that don't like me for whatever reason
You got niggaz that don't wanna see me rich
You got niggaz that's mad, 'cause I'm always with they bitch
Then you got niggaz that just don't like me
You know, the, those P.H.D. niggaz
But you know I pop a lot of shit but I back it up though
See it's a difference, a lot of niggaz pop shit
But a lot of niggaz don't make hits
But it's like this whole Bad Boy shit
We come to bring it to y'all niggaz, me, B.I., Puff, Lox, whoever
Black Rob
If you wanna dance, we dance
Now trick what? Lace who? That ain't what Mase do
Got a lot of girls that'd love to replace you
Tell you to your face boo, not behind your back
Niggaz talk shit, we never mind that
Funny, never find that, Puff a dime stack
Write hot shit, and make a nigga say, 'Rewind that'
Niggaz know, we go against the Harlem Jigalo
Getcha hoe, lick her low, make the bitch, hit the do'
I represent honies with money fly guys with gems
Drive with the tints that be thirty-five percent
Hoes hope I lay so I look both ways
Cop says, 'OK, my tint smoke gray'
No way, nigga leave without handin me my shit
Got plans to get my Land and my six
Niggaz outta pen'll understand this shit
Pop champagne like I won a championship (uhh, uhh)
Been around the world and I I I
And we been player hated I don't know and I don't know why
Why they want us faded I don't know why they hate us Is it our ladies?
Or our drop Mercedes bay-bee bay-bee!
I was in one bedroom, dreamin of a million (yeah)
Now I'm in beach houses, cream to the ceiling (that's right)
I was a gentleman, livin in tenements
Now I'm swimmin in, all the women that be tens (hoo)
Went from Bad Boys to the Crushed Linen Men
Now my divi-dends be the new Benjamins (uh-huh)
Hoes of all complexions, I like cinnamon
Mase you got some hoes well nigga, send em in (c'mon)
What you waitin for, let the freak show begin
How they came in a truck? (nah Puff, that's a Benz)
Mercedes, c'mere baby, you don't like the way
It's hot and hazy, never shady, you must be crazy
It's ridiculous, how you put your lips on this
Don't kiss right there girlfriend I'm ticklish (heheh)
And I be switchin fees with a wrist full of G's
Nigga please, I'm the macaroni with the cheese
Been around the world and I I I
And we been player hated I don't know and I don't know why
Why they want us faded I don't know why they hate us Is it our ladies?
Or our drop Mercedes bay-bee bay-bee
Now Puff rule the world, even though I'm young
I make it my biz to see that all ladies come (yeah)
Get 'em all strung from the tip of my tongue
Lick 'em places niggaz wouldn't dare put they faces (c'mon)
Before I die, hope I, remake a flow by
In the brand new treasure on a old try
Now when my third dry, even when the smoke lie
Eat the mami's chocha and drive her loca
We never ride far, packed five in a car
Save money for the drinks, I'm about to buy the bar (yeah)
And everywhere I drive I'm a star, little kids
All on the corner scream, 'That's my car!'
It was days couldn't be fly, now I'm in a T.I.
Come in clubs with B.I., now a nigga V.I. (uh-huh)
Rock tons of gold, nuff money I fold
Roll the way you wanna roll, break a hundred out the toe
Been around the world and I I I
And we been player hated I don't know and I don't know why
Why they want us faded I don't know why they hate us Is it our ladies?
Or our drop Mercedes bay-bee bay-bee
Been around the world and I I I
And we been player hated I don't know and I don't know why
Why they want us faded I don't know why they hate us Is it our ladies?
Or our drop Mercedes bay-bee bay-bee
