2000 % Lil Zane % Callin Me %

… I live the life of a celebrity
A made nigga way bigger than them other cats you love to see
… Lil' Zane (yeah)
Can I talk to you for a minute? (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
It's like I been doin' a lot of interviews
Just people be callin' my name everywhere, "Hey Zane!"
(So crazy life's so, crazy) 
Yeah, come on
… I live the life of a celebrity (yeah)
A made nigga way bigger than them other cats you love to see (uh-huh)
I'm gettin' paid like I'm supposed to
My homies call me on my mobile wanna hang we still close too
I switched positions with them poor cats, I write raps 
Make millions like that, I like that (yeah, yeah) 
And I never was a rich man
A rubber band full of wrist bands
Got dough and had to switch plans
Drama still don't stop
The freeway gettin' chased by some bad bitches
Wantin' autograph pictures (ooh)
They want my name tattooed on 'em 
Thinkin' for a minute, hit that ass make a move on 'em
Hey, Hennessy with the chardonnay, mix it
I put the trees in the Garcay, twist it (whoa, yeah)
A true player smokin' purple hair
Two shots in the air for my true thugs out there (this life I live of mine)
… This life I live of mine (yeah, yeah)
This life is crazy (yeah) (so crazy, crazy)
I waste no time at all (uh-huh)
They won't stop callin' me (it's goin' down, baby) (callin' me, callin' me))
This life I live of mine (yeah)
This life is crazy (uh-huh) (so crazy)
I waste no time at all
They won't stop callin' me (uh)
Callin' me, callin' me, callin' me 
(Hey Lil' Zane!) say my name
Callin' me, callin' me, callin' me
(Hey Lil' Zane!) say my name
… Let me explain what the game's like
I did a show in California, had to be in Las Vegas the same night
Me and 112 on the same flight, niggas tired
It ain't easy bein' worldwide (worldwide, worldwide, worldwide)
I seen murder come with fame in this rap game
Gotta stay strapped if you rap so I pack thangs
All my niggas pack thangs and plus we love to ball
Don't want no problem with you, homie, I mean none at all (not at all)
And to my rich cats with them big faced bills in the air
My poor cats more sex to you there
Love green millionaires, been all around the world
Turned the squares into true players
Cheap watches turn to Cartiers, loafers turned to gators
Point threes turn to five C's, all these car keys
Jump in the Benz hit The Shark Bar (this life I live)
You know they love to see a hot star (yeah)
… This life I live of mine (yeah)
This life is crazy (yeah) (so crazy, crazy)
I waste no time at all (uh-huh)
They won't stop callin' me (it's goin' down, baby) (callin' me, callin' me)
This life I live of mine (yeah)
This life is crazy (uh-huh) 
I waste no time at all
They won't stop callin' me (uh)
Callin' me, callin' me, callin' me 
(Hey Lil' Zane!) say my name
Callin' me, callin' me, callin' me
(Hey Lil' Zane!) say my name (say my name)
… And for my dogs I ain't seen in awhile
I still got love for y'all ain't got a chance to return your call
I'm in Chicago, I'm gettin' paid, man 
Bigger figures everywhere that I go
I'm still hearin' 'bout drama poppin' in the hood
Heard that you niggas doin' good and I like that
Irv said, "Niggas got the block locked"
He tell me K and Big Chris ridin' drop tops
Flossin', I'm gettin' letters from my fans hard to write back
Put a fly picture in the mail, hope they like that
Prayin' that the fame don't kill us all
The magazines to the big screens 
It ain't easy as the shit seems
Throwin' up my deuces as a pass by
Showin' love to the south side, all the players outside
And we gon' spend G's tonight 
Hotel's on me shit free tonight, c'mon (this life I live of mine)
… This life I live of mine (yeah) (yeah, oh)
This life is crazy (yeah) (so crazy, oh)
I waste no time at all 
They won't stop callin' me (it's goin' down, baby) 
This life I live of mine (yeah) (stressin' me, oh-oh-oh-oh)
This life is crazy (uh-huh) 
I waste no time at all (yeah)
They won't stop callin' me (uh) (yeah)
Callin' me, callin' me, callin' me (callin' me)
(Hey Lil' Zane!) say my name (callin' me)
Callin' me, callin' me, callin' me
(Hey Lil' Zane!) say my name (crazy)
… This life I live of mine (crazy)
This life is crazy (oh, oh-oh-oh)
I waste no time at all (crazy)
They won't stop callin' me
… This life I live of mine (callin' me, callin' me, callin' me) (yeah)
This life is crazy (yeah) (crazy, crazy, crazy)
I waste no time at all (yeah)
They won't stop callin' me 
Callin' me, callin' me, callin' me 
(Hey Lil' Zane!) say my name 
Callin' me, callin' me, callin' me (crazy)
(Hey Lil' Zane!) say my name
… This life I live of mine (callin' me, callin' me, callin' me) (one, two, one, two)
This life is crazy 
I waste no time at all
… It's goin' down baby
Mistafiss and Diggie Doms on the track sayin'
It's a worldwide thing
Lil Z. 2000
"Young World: The Future"
It's not a game
This is a worldwide-