2003 % Lil' Kim % Magic Stick %

I got the magic stick
I know if I can hit once, I can hit twice
I hit the baddest chicks
Shorty, don't believe me, then come with me tonight
And I'll show you magic (What? What?)
Magic
I got the magic stick
I'm a freak to the core
Get a dose once, you gon' want some more
My tongue touch ya, girl, ya toes bound to curl
This exclusive stick, I don't share with the world
I have you up early in the mornin', moanin'
Back shots, proper or low, can't stop us
Been a fiend for this since Rakim made hits
Get the position down pat, then it's time to switch
I'll rock the boat, I'll work the middle
I skeet it up, straight beat it up
And I ain't in the hood with my toast out loc'n
I'm in the telly workin' up a sweat, strokin'
Tonight's the night you could fall in love
You can call your mama right now, tell her you met a thug
I pop a lot of shit 'cause I can back it up
My left stroke's the death stroke
I got the magic stick
I know if I get licked once, I get licked twice
I am the baddest chick
Shorty, you don't believe me, then come with me tonight
And I'll show you magic (what? What?)
Magic (uh-huh, uh-huh)
I got the magic clit
Lil' Kim not a whore
But I sex a nigga so good, he gotta tell his boys
When it come to sex, don't test my skills
'Cause my head game have you head over heels
Give a nigga the chills, have him pay my bills
Buy matchin' Lambos with the same color wheels
When I ain't out shoppin' spendin' dudes' C-notes
I'm in the crib givin' niggas deep throat
Tonight, Lil' Kim gon' have you in the zone
Girls, call ya crib, I'm answerin' the phone
Guys want to wife me and give me the ring
I'll do it anywhere, anyhow, I'm down for anything
Couple of humps, give a nigga goosebumps
This junk in my trunk ain't made for chumps
When Lil' Kim's around you don't need to lie
It's the drugs, baby, I'm makin' you high
I got the magic stick
I know if I can hit once, I can hit twice
I am the baddest chick
Shorty you don't believe me, then come with me tonight
And I'll show you magic (what? What?)
Magic (uh-huh, uh-huh)
I got the magic clit
Now put your face in it
I know you sprung off in your tongue, I know you tastin' it
(Sex ain't a race) but I have a thug nigga breakin' records
And the time is (one minute, six seconds)
(Magic stick) I got the magic box
Have that ass trickin' after one back shot
(The gifts, the ice, I like that a lot)
The minks, the leathers, the CL drop
I got the magic stick
I know if I can hit once, I can hit twice
I hit the baddest chicks
Shorty, don't believe me, then come with me tonight
And I'll show you magic (what? What?)
Magic
I got the magic stick
I know if I get licked once, I get licked twice
I am the baddest chick
Shorty, you don't believe me, then come with me tonight
And I'll show you magic (what? What?)
Magic (uh-huh, uh-huh)
I got the magic stick
Hot 103 W-B-U-Z, you're listening to Queen Bitch Radio
You're listening to 103 W-B-U-Z
And right now, we're about to go to the phone lines
Who do we have on the phone?
Yo, this Kim?
Yo, what's the word? Who this?
What up, Kim? It's Devandre
What's the word, Devandre
What up? What up? Yo, that "What's The Word?" joint is crazy
Haha, you like that?
Kim, I'm feelin' you, I love you
I've been listening to you all these years
Everything you do is "oh my God"
Thank you
Yo, you-you the shit, Kim
I'm telling you though, them joints is bananas (thank you)
But yo, yo, Kim, Kim for real (what's up?)
Yo, I wrote you these 16s, some shit I really want you to say
What? Motherfucker, you can't be serious
Don't you know I write my own shit (yeah, but)
Give that shit to Foxy, next, bitch
(Put the phone down, put the phone down) I can't hear you, hello?
Yo, yo, yo, Kim, what up? What's poppin', it's Killa from up north
Oh shit, you callin'- yo, that's gangsta (yeah, yeah, gangsta)
That's gangsta, baby, I like that (yeah, yo I'm feelin' you)
Killa (yo, I'm feelin' you, I've been' feelin' you)
That's, that's real (you know what I mean, the whole Queen Bee)
Ah, baby, that's (Brooklyn, Queen Bee, Killa, Killa Bee)
Yo, yo, yo, chill (yo, let me get a shout-out, let me get a shout-out)
Yo, hold on, yo, hold on, yo, son, I'mma let you rock, son
Yo, son, I'mma let you rock, just hold on, just hold on (yo, what's that in the background?)
Yeah, Kim, but anyhow (what's up Killa, baby, what's the word?)
Yo, tell me somethin'? Can I get a package, somethin'?
Oh, oh, I got that, you know what?
As a matter of fact, I'm gonna send you a kite with my panties attached to it
(Ah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's what I mean) I got you, I got you, Killa
I like that, you real, dog (Killa, your cell is on fire)
My shit is on fire? (Your cell, man, your cell is on fire)
Yo, hold this phone for a second
Yo, what the fuck? Yo, y'all niggas know it's fuckin' Killa, y'all know me, man
Ayo, what up, mami? (Who this?) It's Black
But where my nigga- (oh, Killa's shit caught on fire but don't worry about that)
What's goin' on (nothin' baby, what's up?)
What you got on? (What I got on?)
(Yeah) I got on some Gucci thongs, but they the edible kind
You know, they taste like Twizzlers (ah, shit)
I got on a bra, Gucci bra, with the jeans connected at the, at the
(Ah, for real?) At the, at the shoulders, (oh shit) and the nipples is cut out though
(Oh man) you know, my body is real oiled up right now
(Ah) what the f-, oh my God, no he didn't
Oh my God, it's real up north, yo
Shout out to all my up north niggas